Maven Service Pipeline Port (#379)
microsoft/cobalt: devops/providers/azure-devops/templates/app_service_maven/README.md

# Shared Maven Service Pipeline - CICD Bootstrap Templates

> These YAML templates are designed to be referenced by individual Maven Service repositories and configured through Azure DevOps as the primary build pipeline. Configuration means delegating a Maven Service pipeline implementation back to the YAML **Shared Maven Service Pipeline** defined in devops/providers/azure-devops/templates/app_service_maven/examples/maven_service_usage_example.yml

Reviewer: The wording below seems a little clearer to me - take it or leave it

```suggestion
These YAML templates are designed to handle the build and deploy steps for Maven based projects. This can be achieved by consuming the template in the application repository as exemplified by`devops/providers/azure-devops/templates/app_service_maven/examples/maven_service_usage_example.yml`
```

    | Variable Group | YAML FILE |
    | ---      | ---         |
    |  `Azure - Common` | Service yaml |
    |  `Azure - Common` | deploy-stages.yml |
    |  `${{ provider.name }} Target Env - ${{ environment }}` | deploy-stages.yml |
    |  `${{ provider.name }} Target Env Secrets - ${{ environment }}` | deploy-stages.yml |
    |  `${{ provider.name }} Service Release - ${{ parameters.serviceName }}` | deploy-stages.yml |

- ### Cloud provider boundaries

    The **Shared Maven Service Pipeline** currently accomodates a multi-cloud **Maven Service** deployment. However, current implementation is Azure bound. Azure bound means that if you have a multi-cloud Maven Service, this pipeline only has an execution workflow targeting Azure infrastructure. The service contracts for other cloud providers are in place but have not been implemented.  In short, deployments to a cloud provider are bound by their `yaml` pipeline configuration, the variable groups that belong to them and whether or not the Maven Service solution includes that cloud provider's implementation.

> ## PR vs Master builds in AzDO

Reviewer: This is actually a feature of the *consuming* code - i.e., the actual service pipeline that uses these templates. The template does not actually do this for you.

Author: Glad you caught this. This will be removed.
